hello is someone there what what do you
want give me a heart attack that's far
from the future charlie
oh the world is in peril all that his
Cody's been consumed by Eva and his
[Music]
yep so that was the scariest thing I've
ever seen you come with us to the future
we need your help to finish our snowman
no man what are you going on about
there's no time to explain grab on to
our tongues how do i oh that is so gross
Charlie we're here in the future this
looks exactly the same you'll wake the
oh no no we need to get to the river and
we gotta be sneaky we gotta be sneaky
Charlie's sneaky now there's no way I
can do that with my legs oh no what do
you I don't hear anything all right
look everywhere what am I missing here
can I go home yet
Joey I think I'll take my chances with
the booze and the wawas journey quickly
grab onto our turns oh really
again with the tongues ring ring hello
ring ring hello ring ring hello ring
ring hello ring you have a bad
connection time to go down below into
the liquid a bitch oh my god hey I can't
swim
or breathe underwater ring ring yeah
serious I'm going to drown
see Charlie yeah this is where we've
hidden the Snowman gotta save the world
right I'm not even gonna ask how I'm
still alive because you know what I
think I think I died long ago when you
tore my eternal punishment
you're like a constant downer huh to get
to the Snowman we first need to pass the
door the door the door what is the door
door is everything all that once was and
all that will be the door in time and
really the door can do all that no we're
almost there Charlie it's right at the
end of this just a few more steps I won
again he's God I cannot it's right up
ahead now you can see the stop I don't
care about each and every signature you
see by Jenny they care about you
creepy creepy lady thank you baby she's
back or electric eel and pray that
you're a yellow agent for h7 sharks
they'd be shocked read the back in the
gray
you can ignore this plea that's fine
with me
but one day you'll see that my words are
true and please stop singing to me you
find that you are great I guarantee I
can't wait
vicious starvation the be with you
forever
hell no it's no catfishes walks down
from slumber love marry me oh shit
there goes everyone exploding hey look
at that
hey guys I found the Snowman wouldn't
you want it though guys
what does Oh sweeping gasp of course
why did I expect any different
oh where am I hey what happened to my
horn oh come on really
look at that accomplished oh look it's
my kidney load fish bag fish and get all
the junk right Scott Brown little bat
ready to finish a fish man o'war lady
fish black you baby